Fix a wrong link and a inaccurate description (#6742) (#6745)
pingcap/docs-cn: .github/pull_request_template.md

**Tips for choosing the affected version(s):**

By default, **CHOOSE MASTER ONLY** so your changes will be applied to the next TiDB major or minor releases. If your PR involves a product feature behavior change or a compatibility change, **CHOOSE THE AFFECTED RELEASE BRANCH(ES) AND MASTER**.

> For details, see [tips for choosing the affected versions (in Chinese)](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#版本选择指南).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, see [tips for choosing the affected versions (in Chinese)](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/blob/release-4.0/CONTRIBUTING.md#版本选择指南).
```
